com/va/neoapp/custom/db/DBSupportUtil.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.DBSupportUtil
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.DBSupportUtil$1
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.DBSupportUtil$OpenHelper
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.DBSupportUtil$QueryBuilders
com/va/neoapp/custom/db/DBAction.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.DBAction
com/va/neoapp/custom/CustomTextView.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.CustomTextView
com/va/neoapp/webaccess/VersionControl.java
 com.va.neoapp.webaccess.VersionControl
 com.va.neoapp.webaccess.VersionControl$URLS
com/va/neoapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.va.neoapp.BuildConfig
com/va/neoapp/util/GlobalMethods.java
 com.va.neoapp.util.GlobalMethods
com/va/neoapp/models/ChatItem.java
 com.va.neoapp.models.ChatItem
com/va/neoapp/custom/db/core/TableDetails.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.core.TableDetails
com/va/neoapp/presentation/BaseFragment.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.BaseFragment
com/va/neoapp/custom/db/util/ContentHelper.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.util.ContentHelper
com/va/neoapp/adapters/MessagesAdapter.java
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.MessagesAdapter
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.MessagesAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.MessagesAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.MessagesAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/va/neoapp/custom/db/Logger.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.db.Logger
com/va/neoapp/presentation/BaseActivity.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.BaseActivity
com/va/neoapp/presentation/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.login.LoginActivity
com/va/neoapp/util/SingletonClass.java
 com.va.neoapp.util.SingletonClass
com/va/neoapp/custom/CustomTextViewSemiBold.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.CustomTextViewSemiBold
com/va/neoapp/presentation/chat/ChatActivity.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.chat.ChatActivity
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.chat.ChatActivity$1
com/va/neoapp/models/ChatMain.java
 com.va.neoapp.models.ChatMain
com/va/neoapp/presentation/chat/MessagingAct.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.chat.MessagingAct
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.chat.MessagingAct$1
com/va/neoapp/presentation/registration/RegistrationActivity.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.registration.RegistrationActivity
com/va/neoapp/adapters/ChatAdapter.java
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.ChatAdapter
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.ChatAdapter$OnItemClickListener
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.ChatAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.va.neoapp.adapters.ChatAdapter$ViewHolder$1
com/va/neoapp/custom/CustomTextViewMedium.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.CustomTextViewMedium
com/va/neoapp/AppApplication.java
 com.va.neoapp.AppApplication
com/va/neoapp/custom/CustomTextViewLight.java
 com.va.neoapp.custom.CustomTextViewLight
com/va/neoapp/webaccess/WebConstants.java
 com.va.neoapp.webaccess.WebConstants
com/va/neoapp/presentation/splash/SplashActivity.java
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.splash.SplashActivity
 com.va.neoapp.presentation.splash.SplashActivity$1
com/va/neoapp/util/DBUtil.java
 com.va.neoapp.util.DBUtil
com/va/neoapp/util/Constants.java
 com.va.neoapp.util.Constants
